Update steps for deactivating account (#21077)
docker/docs: content/manuals/accounts/deactivate-user-account.md

You can deactivate an account at any time. This section describes the prerequisites and steps to deactivate a user account. For information on deactivating an organization, see [Deactivating an organization](../admin/deactivate-account.md).

>[!Warning]
>
> All Docker products and services that use your Docker account will be inaccessible after deactivating your account.

## Prerequisites

Before deactivating your Docker account, ensure that you meet the following requirements:

- For owners, you must leave your organization or company before deactivating your Docker account.
    To do this:

>     1. Sign in to [Docker Home](https://app.docker.com/).

Reviewer: Not necessary, but maybe combine steps 1 and 2 for a shortcut. `Sign in to the [Docker Admin Console](https://app.docker.com/admin)`.

    2. Navigate to **Settings and administration** and select **Go to Admin Console**.

>     3. Select the organization(s) you need to leave from the top-right drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Select the organization you need to leave from the top-left drop-down menu.
```
